you
a long time ago in
of the forest lived two children the boy
was named handsome on Hansel and the
girl was named dreidel I'm greater their
mother and father were buried
but handle engraver were cheerful
nonetheless sometimes great he would be
so full of happiness that she'd want to
dance with joy
then she always said to a brother
now hand roll was a little fashion and
he would usually say
dancing made me hungry Gretel
when will mother and father come home
with food not too late but I know what
let's pick strawberries in the forest
what if we lose our way we can drop
crumbs of bread as we walk that'll leave
a trail for us to follow back home a
wonderful idea Gretel let's go dropping
breadcrumbs as they ran each carried a
little basket and just as they stood
together strawberries Hansel said great
oh look see that little man over there
why his hair is gold and his cheeks are
red I wonder who is he now he's gone han
don't maybe we just imagined him Gretel
come on let's get the strawberries
soon Angeline Gretel filled their
baskets it was time to rush home but
when they looked for the trail of
breadcrumbs
it's gone they're eating all the
breadcrumbs we'll never find our way
home
night was coming to the forest suddenly
standing near them again was a little
man in velvet brown for you I have your
friend The Sandman it's time to go to
sleep first I sprinkle you with sand
then you sink down into the glass and
before you close your eyes say your
prayers
so easels watch over here
and at that moment Hansel and Gretel
fell
but what a surprise awaited them when
they awoke and Lonnie do you know the
surprise when Hansel and Gretel awakened
the next morning they left to their feet
in amazement for their in the middle of
the forest stood the most unusual
cottage they had ever seen in my whole
life I've never seen a cottage like that
wooden what is the roof made of and the
windows and that hinge that runs around
the cloudy good things to eat or am I
dreaming still oh Gradle I'm so hungry
let's never a bit of the cottage let's
start with a gingerbread thing we'll go
to the chocolate cream
but justice takes at their first bite a
voice shouted stop
my house
it was the Wicked Witch and this
wonderful house was hers Hansel and
Gretel wanted to run away but the witch
stare at them and stare at them and
shouted hocus-pocus bonus Joker's
mother's locusts hocus-pocus and neither
handsome nor Gradle could move from the
spot you there Hansel I think I'll lock
you in a cage and fatten you up and when
you could in fact you'll make a
delicious pie
poor hansel ever so often the wit said
and so stick your finger out so that I
can tell how fat you're getting but the
wit couldn't see very well and hence
though stuck out a piece of wood instead
oh you're still very bony later I'll see
you again
when the witch was out of sight Rachel
said Hansel I have a way to fool the
witch I'll tell you're fat enough to be
baked into a pie right now right all
trust me Hansel I'll save you
when the witch came back great who lit
the oven and told the witch to take
Hansel out of his cage what do you make
a fine I answer wait a minute
what's the matter grateful something's
wrong with the oven will you take a look
inside please
mmm very well
wicked witch ducked into the oven and
then quickly with one push the which
landed in the oven
went up in smoke and disappeared forever
with that the gingerbread head and the
roof of Turkish Delight
and the windows made of sugar Oh turn
into little boys and girls because
that's what they'd been in the first
place then the blue birds would eaten
the bread crumbs appear in the sky and
led him all back to Hansel and Gretel's
parents each child carried food and
precious things from the witch's house
so the family was never poor again and
even the day you can see great Oh
teaching hands over half a little dance
back again
you